hey guys so this is the part 2 of my
L'Oreal ever sleep review and these
products were sent to me by naturally
curly calm and everything I state in
this review is my honest opinion okay
all right so all right so for products
that I have left review the first one is
the air sleek sulfate-free smoothing
system in 10 smoothing shampoo alright
first five water kokab 18 sodium lauryl
sulfate die sodium lauryl so aids
sodium lauryl sorrows innate and glue
glycol dis rate ok alright so as you
heard there are a good amount of
surfactants in this yes it's sulfate
free but there are still a lot of
cleaning agents in it okay um how does
this compare to the other one I had
which was the repairing smoothing
shampoo ok this one and my opinion is
worse than be repairing one this one
made my hair it did make my hair feel as
good as the other one actually the other
one made my hair feel pretty good to be
a sulfate shampoo sulfate free shampoo
because most sulfate free shampoo is
will tend to still kind of tangle kind
of strip my hair and this one was no
exception this one made my hair feel a
little mmm like okay I only use the ones
and I'm not going to use it again
because I do prefer the reparative one
and yeah even this even though this is
for um I don't know frizzy and really
hair and y'all know I cause from my hair
is frizzy but I know this one was just
no bueno for me so yeah um yeah I
wouldn't I wouldn't get this I wouldn't
buy this if I was on the street I would
pick up the repairing one instead okay
alright so i have two conditioners from
this line the smoothing and the
reparative okay their ingredients are
pretty darn similar they don't change
until you get to the bottom of it and
everything is in the bottom description
bar as usual okay
they're both creamy conditioners okay if
i can get it open they're both very
creamy conditioners and they both smell
the exact same all the all the products
and this line smell the same they're
very perfumed okay so if you don't like
super perfumed products I would
recommend that you not get these if
that's your issue I mean the perfume
smell doesn't stand you hear when you
wash it out but hey um as far as how I
like these both armed have adequate slip
okay I could detangle with both of them
but the reparative one again works
better on my hair this one my hair
didn't feel as if I conditioned it when
I washed it out okay with this one my
hair felt super soft super duper soft
after I washed it out so and I don't
know it says for chemically straightened
or damaged hair my hair is colored so
hey maybe this one just works better
because it's for you know here that's
been chemically altered so um yeah this
one is tops for me um i don't think i
would buy it again just because my
drugstore conditioners that I do get my
garnier fructis period clean and my
trust me naturals I get huge bottles of
them okay and this is like seven
ninety-nine cuz i saw that Walker
instance weekend um whereas my parent
clean I'll get twice three times as much
in a bottle and pay around the same
price or less okay so it's just not
cost-effective for me but if I was out
and I needed a conditioner and this was
there for me to buy and I couldn't get
anything else I would be happy buying
this because it does work in my hair
does feel good after I wash it out okay
um the last product is the ever sleaks
fresh taming serum okay and here's what
that looks like her
right it's a serum hmm i don't have the
ingredients cuz i threw away the box but
um yeah i will put it in the bottom as
usual so uh yeah as far as frist taming
serum I can't attest to its frizz frizz
freeing capabilities okay my hair when I
warewashing go is naturally frizzy I did
use this when I did the updo style that
I did in the first video to this review
the first part of this review and it
might have it might have helped with the
frizz but I i can attest to it i didn't
see a super increase or decrease in my
frizz especially when i do a wash go my
hair is naturally frizzy um it's cottony
okay so i don't know what to say about
this um yeah it's it smells like all the
other stuff i don't say about it did it
didn't do anything noticeable to my
frizz in my hair ok so you guys these
products are not available at curl mart
but you can get it at all your drug
stores walmart targets those kind of
places so if you're interested in
picking up please pick them up and yeah
guys so that's it for this review and i
will talk to y'all later bye